[DORAZOU]
Rawr!
Now that the preliminary's over,
it's time to move on
to the main event!
Listen closely as I walk
you through exactly how
it's gonna work!
The event will last for
three in-game days.
For those participating at
the highest difficulty level,
if you manage to stay
alive to the very end,
you'll receive five
silver medals!
That's us!
We all worked really hard
to make it to the highest
difficulty level, and
our efforts paid off!
[KUROMU] Uh, you do realize
Dorazou can't hear you, right?
[DORAZOU] Defeating powerful
monsters and seeking out
hidden items are also effective
ways of obtaining medals!
And get this!
Every time you win a medal,
every other member
of your party will
receive one as well!
So that's how it works.
Which means...
...we should think
about splitting up.
That would be the most
efficient way to collect
as many medals as possible.
On the other hand, sticking
together is a lot safer.
[DORAZOU] Also, there are some
especially powerful monsters
that will be appearing at
certain predetermined times
throughout the event.
If you want to know
when they're coming,
be sure to keep
an eye on the timer!
You'll be playing on the same
map from the preliminary.
Yeah, I figured.
[DORAZOU] And now, it's time
to start the countdown!
Ten...!
[KAEDE]
What do you think, Sally?
Should we keep everyone
together or split up
and gather medals individually?
Not sure.
Let's make that decision
once we get out there.
...One! Zero!
Off you go, everyone!
[RISA] Hey! We've got a
nice, clear view, huh?
Doesn't look like there are any
other players around here.
[KAEDE gasps]
[KUROMU]
Didn't waste any time, did they?
So, these are to be
our first opponents!
Loving Sacrifice!
Fay! Strengthen Item!
[FAY]
Fay.
Now, Syrup! Spirit Cannon!
[SYRUP]
Tur-tle!
--Tsukimi!
--Yukimi!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear!
[YUI, MAY]
Power Share! Bright Star!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear! Bear!
You mean that wasn't
enough to take them down?
This is the highest difficulty.
Haku! Super Megamorph!
Paralysis. Poison!
Oboro! Binding Barrier!
[KUROMU]
Necro!
Flames of Death!
[MAY, YUI]
Double Strike, go!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear!
So strong!
We ended up with
some great monsters!
Having your protection makes
it a whole lot easier
to fight, Maple!
You know, now that
you mention it,
it was almost too easy.
Like we had more
power than usual.
[YUI]
Yeah, I know what you mean.
[KANADE laughs]
Sou, get over here!
It's another me!
I borrowed an insignificant
amount of your attack power
and the results were
just as expected.
Interesting.
Then your Sou has the
capability to duplicate
our appearances and skills.
How cool!
That'll come in handy for sure!
[MAY]
So that wasn't a Double Strike.
[YUI] In reality,
it was Triple Strike!
Not bad, eh?
The only downside is
that it doesn't last long
and then it takes
forever to cool down.
Sally? Something wrong?
Those two didn't
drop any medals.
Which means but one thing:
there are far stronger monsters
than these waiting for us.
It appears those medals
won't be so easy to come by.
Now, let's do a quick review.
Our primary goal in this event
is to collect ten medals,
which can ultimately be
exchanged for rare skills
and items.
Surviving to the end
will net us five medals.
Therefore, we're going to need
to find five additional medals
over the course of the event
in order to meet our goal.
Yeah. That sounds right.
[KUROMU] So how do we
want to approach this?
Split up and take our
chances, or stick together
and work as a team?
[KANADE] For now, how about
we divide ourselves
into two groups based on whose
skills work best together?
[IZ]
Sounds good to me.
It'd certainly be safer
than all of us heading out
on our own.
Those of us with the lowest
defense should probably be
on Maple's team.
Which means me...
[KAEDE]
...as well as May and Yui!
We'd love to come with!
We'll do our best, right, Sis?
Very well.
I suppose this means the
four of us will be forming
our own team.
With Sou here on our side,
we'll have all the
offensive power we need.
[RISA] Fellow party members
are automatically displayed
on the map, so it
should be pretty easy
for us to reunite whenever
the really strong monsters
start showing up.
[KUROMU] In that case, our group
will head toward the forest.
Maple, can your group
cover the wetlands?
[KAEDE]
Yeah, definitely!
[KUROMU]
Gotta say, Kasumi.
Pretty unusual
ride you got here.
You get used to it.
Moving is a lot faster
this way, too.
Personally, I'm a fan.
It's cool and I
like how it feels.
You sure you're okay
carrying all of us, Haku?
[HAKU]
Sss! Sss!
He's so cute!
[RISA] We won't be competing
against other guilds this time,
so we can focus
on gathering medals.
[KAEDE] But still, we're playing
on such an expansive field.
How do we decide
where to start looking?
[RISA chuckles]
I was hoping you'd ask me that.
Take a look at the
map I sent you.
During the preliminary,
I marked all the suspicious
spots I found in case
we came back here.
I went ahead and sent this
to the other team, too.
Sally, you've done it again!
Let's see.
This right here is
our current position.
It looks like there's a
marker in the wetlands.
[KAEDE]
Oh, you're right!
Yep. So why don't we head
over and check it out?
Sounds good!
--Tsukimi!
--Yukimi!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear!
[KAEDE]
What do you make of this, Sally?
[RISA] I didn't see any
monsters like this here
during the preliminary.
But the terrain's still
the same as before.
It does seem like there must
be something hidden there.
What do we do now?
We can't afford any deaths,
so it might be dangerous
to just jump right in.
Aw, don't worry!
At a time like this...
[RISA] ...you just can't beat
having the ability to fly!
[KAEDE]
All right, Syrup!
Bring us down nice and easy!
[GROUP yells]
Okay, Syrup. Return!
We're underground?
Beneath that little
island, I guess.
Heads up!
[KAEDE]
Loving Sacrifice!
Elemental attacks
may be the way to go!
Better use fire!
Right!
Let's make short
work of him, Sis!
[MAY, YUI]
Double...
...Strike!
With Maple's Loving
Sacrifice guarding us...
...we don't have to worry
about taking damage!
[MAY, YUI grunt]
I can't let those two
do all the work!
Fireball!
[MAY, YUI]
One more time!
Wow! Good going!
Hold on! Something's wrong!
Huh? What's happening?
[RISA]
May! Yui! Your feet!
Thanks, you really saved us!
Hey, Maple, bring out Syrup!
You two, come with me!
Defeat one and all
it does is multiply.
So now what?
If we go back down
there, they'll attack us
with those vines.
Leave it to us!
Yeah, we've been practicing.
--We can attack them...
--...from a distance!
One, two, and three!
Look at that! A perfect hit!
All that practice paid off!
[RISA]
Oh, that's great!
I bet you'd do even more damage
if you used your Great Hammers!
Yeah, you'd think
that would be the case.
[YUI] But the iron
balls keep breaking.
So, yeah.
We did ask Iz about making
us some tougher ones.
[RISA chuckles]
I gotcha.
[KAEDE] Looks like they've got
things under control, huh?
[RISA] I'm starting to feel
kinda bad for the monsters.
[KAEDE] All right!
We got our first medal!
[KUROMU] Hey, Maple's
group picked up a medal!
I figured they'd work fast.
We may be close ourselves.
I believe one of the locations
Sally marked is up ahead.
[KANADE]
Look. I bet that's it there.
[IZ] I'm not seeing anyone
or anything nearby.
[KUROMU]
Should we try touching it?
Good idea.
Haku, go.
Haku, return.
[KUROMU]
Necro!
Fay!
Sou!
[KUROMU]
Cover!
You're up, Kanade!
Sou!
Thanks, Sou. Well done!
Allow me to heal you.
[KUROMU] Seems to be
a ninja-type monster.
It's not gonna reveal
itself willingly.
[KASUMI] It's obviously
out there somewhere.
But where?
[KANADE] I have an idea, but
it won't work with all these
obstacles in the way.
Sit tight.
I'll take care of that for you.
[KUROMU] And how are you
gonna do that, exactly?
[KUROMU] Okay, these things
look kinda dangerous.
I'm setting them
off all at once,
so everybody stay
within the safety zone.
And get closer together.
Here goes!
Three, two, one!
[IZ]
Kanade!
Thanks for the help!
Now, Searcher's Sun!
[KANADE]
Gotcha!
[KUROMU]
Let's go!
[KASUMI]
Super Speed! Last of Sword!
Hazy Moon!
[KUROMU] Ghost Mud! Necro!
Flames of Death!
[KUROMU] There!
Maple Tree's second medal.
Two on the first day.
Not too shabby.
[IZ] Still, it took a bit longer
than I expected.
[KANADE] This might be
a good time to regroup.
According to this, the strong
monsters are coming out
at night.
[KUROMU]
Right.
Let's meet up with
Maple and the others.
[KAEDE]
Oh! Look, there they are!
Hey!
Hey, Maple!
Is this the place?
[IZ]
What do you think?
Wouldn't this make
the perfect base?
[RISA] It has kind of a
dungeon-y feeling, you know?
Nothing's attacked us, though.
[KANADE]
Yeah.
Probably a dummy dungeon they
put here to confuse players.
[KASUMI] Or perhaps it was
meant to afford them
a momentary respite.
[KUROMU]
Either way, it's nice and big.
More than enough room
to get comfortable.
True. Good point.
[KAEDE]
Okay!
Let's see if we can't get
everything ready by nightfall!
[IZ] I'll start crafting
some furniture.
That would be great!
I'm gonna go set some defensive
traps to keep out intruders.
[MAY, YUI]
We can help you out with that!
[KUROMU]
Great! And we'll, uh--
We'll find something to do.
[RISA] I think Kanade has the
right idea about making sure
the area is well-defended.
Let's all help out with that.
[KAEDE]
All right! Let's do this thing!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
I did my usual big finish, but
what can we really do here?
I know the goal is to make
sure nobody can get through,
but when you're dealing
with a space this huge...
I know! Venom Capsule!
Huh. Is this really
gonna do the trick?
If we do end up
getting attacked,
the entire room will collapse.
I know!
Now all I have to do
is make sure poison
can't come in from
the rear of the cave!
Throne of the Heavenly King!
There! All done!
Hey! How's everything going?
[YUI]
Oh, hey, Maple!
Make sure you watch
where you're going in here!
[KAEDE]
Huh?
[yells]
[MAY, YUI]
Maple, no!
[KAEDE yells]
Whoa! That was scary!
Wait! Oh, no, I ruined the
trap you were working on!
[MAY]
That's okay!
[YUI]
She's right.
The important thing is that
you're safe and sound.
[KAEDE]
I'm so sorry.
I'll help you set
it back up again.
Gosh. I'm gonna have to be more
careful when I go check out
the other rooms.
We made sure to set them up
in a way where we can all
get past them as long
as we walk carefully.
So they shouldn't create a
problem when we leave, either.
[KAEDE] Oh, no! I wasn't
thinking about that at all!
I just set up a room
nobody can get through!
I totally screwed up!
I gotta do it over so we'll
be able to get in and out!
What sort of room did
you end up making?
[KAEDE]
I'll show you guys later on.
Let's finish up here first.
[MAY, YUI]
Right!
[KAEDE]
Amazing!
This looks great, Iz!
Oh, welcome back.
Are you guys all done
securing the area?
[MAY]
Uh-huh! Everything's set!
[YUI] At this point,
we've done all we can do!
[KAEDE] So, uh, no offense,
but that side over there
still looks pretty unfinished.
[IZ] That's in case any
monsters slip through.
No matter how
good our traps are,
we have to be prepared
for anything, right?
There we go.
This is really something else.
You must have had to
use a lot of materials.
[IZ] Eh, not much of anything
too valuable, at least.
Still, it would be great
if you two could help me
restock later.
Sure!
It would be our pleasure!
[KUROMU] Whoa! Iz went
totally overboard again!
Welcome back.
Are you guys done, too?
Yes. We'll need to
exercise great caution
when leaving this place.
Yeah, a lot of these traps
will definitely kill you
if you trip them by accident.
Wait! What if some other
party shows up here
and wanders in to investigate?
They'll be wiped out!
Don't worry.
No one who can read
is coming in here.
Not after they get a look at
the sign we put up outside.
[KAEDE]
What kind of sign?
[RISA]
This kind.
Well, it's certainly
not inaccurate.
[KANADE] Matter of fact, I'd
say this is about as dead-on
as it gets.
It's true.
This place is full of traps.
You know, part of me feels
like it would be kind of fun
to test them out.
[RISA] So, this is the
finished product, huh?
[KUROMU] You know, in the
end, it turned out to be
more like a fortress
than a base.
Hey, it's better to
be safe than sorry.
We have no idea what
kinds of monsters
are coming after us.
It's just about time.
The super strong monsters
should be appearing pretty soon.
[KUROMU] There's a chance one of
them could get past our traps.
[RISA]
True. Okay, then.
Let's be ready for them.
[KAEDE]
I think it's started!
[RISA]
Yeah.
We may have to
attack at any time!
[KAEDE yelps]
[KUROMU]
Is it dead?
Likely.
However, we're going to need
to go out and check the traps
in order to be sure.
Why don't Maple
and I go take a look?
If it turns out the monster's
playing dead to ambush us,
then we'll hurry back here.
[IZ]
Sounds good.
Whatever the situation
turns out to be,
I have faith that
Maple can protect us.
I'll do what I can!
'Kay, we're gonna
go check things out!
[RISA]
Maple!
You suppose that's one of
the really strong monsters?
Looks that way.
At least, it was.
[RISA]
I feel sorry for it.
I mean, it was working
so hard to stay alive.
But hey, the important
thing is to make sure
we stay alive, isn't it?
We had no choice.
More importantly,
the fact that the monster
was able to make it
as far as he did means
there must be a hole in
our defenses after all.
[RISA]
Yeah.
And when you take into account
that it was a flying monster,
it could be a sign that
we don't have enough
anti-aerial traps set up.
Huh?
[KAEDE]
Get a load of those materials!
All this from that one monster?
If this is the only trap
we have to reset,
it shouldn't take long.
Let's ask the others to help.
Good idea!
I want a good night's sleep,
so let's take this chance
to bolster our defenses!
[KUROMU sighs]
All right.
That should keep
us safe for now.
What do you say, Sally?
It's still pretty early, so why
don't we do something fun?
Yeah, okay. Like what?
How 'bout a game?
Let's all play together!
[ADMIN]
What's the current status?
[F ADMIN] Things are pretty much
going according to plan.
Although, the players who've
tamed powerful monsters
are having an easier time
surviving than we anticipated.
[ADMIN B] But that was why we
added them in the first place,
so isn't this is the
result we wanted?
[ADMIN C] Looks like our
enhanced night monsters
put up a heck of a fight!
[SECRETARY] And yet, it appears
the parties that took defensive
measures against them
escaped relatively unscathed.
Almost every single member of
both Order of the Holy Sword
and Flame Emperors
are still alive at this hour.
[ADMIN] Should I even
ask about Maple Tree?
[SECRETARY]
Let's check the video feed.
[ADMIN]
H-How in the world?
[F ADMIN] They created
their very own dungeon.
[ADMIN B] And it's a whole
lot deadlier than anything
we've ever created.
[ADMIN C] They've turned this
into a tower defense game.
[ADMIN]
Uh, what's Maple doing?
[KAEDE laughs]
[SECRETARY] They seem to
be having fun, don't they?
Like students on an
overnight field trip.
[F ADMIN] Well, I mean, we knew
going in that even a monster
enhanced to that degree
wouldn't be a match for them!
And besides, the event's
just getting started!
[ADMIN B]
That's right!
The monsters are gonna
get stronger and stronger
from here!
[SECRETARY] Regardless, Maple
Tree is already at too great
an advantage.
Could designing such a
sprawling cave have been
an unforgivable blunder?
[ADMINS groan]
Ah, but if we'd made it smaller,
then the fact that it was a
dummy would have been
immediately evident.
Yes, I do believe this
was the right call.
[ADMIN]
I agree!
[F ADMIN]
Me, too!
[ADMIN B]
Same here!
[SECRETARY] The first day will
be coming to an end soon.
We must carefully monitor
what actions they take
on the second day.